| Roles I fulfilled |
Advanced Repair Agent
Consultation Agent
Pseudo-manager
Knowledge-base

| Advanced Repair Agent |
As an ARA, I was tasked with resolving any manner of issue related to technology.
The job included diagnosing and repairing computers using precinct approved tools,
performing certified in-store repairs on iPhones, shipping and receiving of Apple parts.

| Consultation Agent |
As a CA, I was handling the client-facing side of the business.
This included on-counter troubleshooting, POS transations, check-ins through NOVA and GSX,
and typical customer service skills.
Other non-customer facing tasks include shipping/receiving to/from service center(s)
and performing functionality checks on returned Best Buy products.  

| Pseudo-Manager |
Not an official position, however I was often someone who made decisions when
there was not a manager around. Especially during the times where there was no
Geek Squad Manager employed as I was the most experienced person around for the
last year of my employement.

| Knowledge-Base |
Also not an official position, I was the go-to person for every technical question, and often the go-to person 
for non-technical questions as well. For the last year of my employement I was
also tasked with the training of many of my coworkers. 

| Extra stuff |
I was embarassed by the quality of Geek Squad's service so I went above and beyond the expectations of
a typical ARA at Geek Squad.
A list of examples of doing more:
 - I learned how to clone drives from one computer to another (often different sized drives) and how to resolve the subsequent Windows boot and driver issues.
   This was all so the client would have their computer feel exactly the same as their previous.
 - I learned how to do proper data recovery using real data recovery tools like ddrescue and testdisk. I found it unacceptable to tell a client
   that I couldn't recover the photos and videos of their deceased spouse when they trusted me to. On top of that, I saved thousands of dollars
   for elderly clients so they didn't need to resort to pricey data recovery services.
 - There's so many more, including obscure boot issues, so many Outlook issues, fixing two power-buttons in a jury-rigged fashion, etc...



I was hired as an Advanced Repair Agent(ARA), but have performed every role in the precinct at some point or another.

I've performed the job of the Consulting Agent(CA) for the first year
and have primarily been in an ARA role for the remaining time.

As a CA, I primarily do customer-facing work, checking in and out devices,
handling transactions through POS machines and sellings services/products.
Often CAs are expected to do basic troubleshooting on counter.
Other additional jobs include shipping/receiving client products from service center
 and functionality checks on store-returned items.

The job of an ARA is to perform basic troubleshooting and repair using Geek Squad tools
 as well as perform the role of an Apple Authorized Repair Technician by using genuine Apple parts to repair iPhones. 

As an avid problem solver and someone who doesn't like seeing clients pay hundreds of dollars for a subpar service,
I've taken my responsibilities a step further than the unacceptable bare minimum that Geek Squad expects.
As such I've learned a ton of things in my time at Geek Squad about technology, often in an informal and hands on manner.
The thing I'm most proud of learning how to do is manual data recovery using a custom linux image with data recovery tools like ddrescue and testdisk.
I've managed to save thousands of dollars and made quite a few happy clients by preventing drives being sent out to expensive data recovery services and recovering client data in-precinct.